Um... Where's my peeps? Oh, here, okay.
mmh
I can't. I do not.
Oh.
Wow.
He p....
Yeah, that you don't know. Right.
mmh
Their own popular music, right? Yeah.
E-pop.
Yeah. Saw your foot yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wow, really?
mmh
Oh. Wow.
Really?
Oh. Wow, I don't know about it.
Oh, wow. Oh. Wow.
mmh
I like Gamelan music.
Gamelan. Gamelan is like... like East
Southeast Asia. It's like, like little, like
Um, like, plates.
that look like bell. And then...
It's kind of like a marimba but it's like steel.
I don't know.
Yeah, it looks like a...
It looks like a it looks it looks like it looks like a boat
It's like a boat and then it has like little like plates.
Yeah.
Yeah. cuz like I used to go so I
went to UCLA and then so UCLA has a really strong
like world music, ethnic music like
um... department and then they always used to have like ensembles
like every semester or every quarter they would have like a performance.
And then they would sometimes do it on like the the the the quad.
And so like, you know, they just bring all their instruments and then people like dance.
Yeah, it's really cool.
Indian music is kind of cool. Yeah. Then you
Didn't we hear a concert, like, at um...
So at the LA Phil, they were doing some kind of concerto with
like an Indian like... Is it Sitar? Yeah. it's like really
big and yeah.
Yeah, like that steel string kind of, yeah.
Tonality. Yeah.
mmh
Yeah, because their language is probably so much more complex than ours.
So, you were going to say something and I totally cut you off.
Okay
Attitude.
Mmh... Is it like the drone that they have like there's like
There's like an Ossia or like a drone so like
Yeah, it's like a drone. Yeah. Right.
mmh
well...
Like what?
I don't know. Wow. Wow.
Oh, so there's like a melody to it. Yeah.
Yeah, like Cardi B is like talking and someone's harmonizing it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. that's really funny. It's kind of amazing how they can hear it.
I guess like that's kind of how like, yeah, that's like perfect pitch a little bit, right?
It's crazy.
Interesting.
Um... Yeah, few talk...